add tentative support for both long & short option examples (#9749)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

> - Use GNU-style **long options** (like `--help` rather than `-h`) when they are cross-platform compatible (intended to work the same across multiple platforms).
> - In other cases, use short options (like `-h`).
> - Both long and short alternative formats may be shown as example by the following these rules:
>   - the **long** and **short** examples must be on two consecutive lines;
>   - the **long** format example is on the first line, and the **short** format is on the second line;
>   - both must have the same outcome, e.g. they must have the same parameters, and if there are other options, they must be identical and using the appropriate **long** or **short** format for the sake of coherency;
>   - if some other option is only available in one format (long or short), it should be present in both alternatives anyway;
>   - there must never be more than two consecutive lines of example code.
> - There mustn't be consecutive lines of example codes in other cases than descibed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both **GNU-style long** (like `--help`) and **short** (like `-h`) option formats must be shown in example distributed to two lines, each starting and ending with a backtick.
- The first example's line must contain **long** cross-platform compatible options (intended to work the same across multiple platforms).
- The second one is for short options.
- If some **long** option has no short counterpart or vice versa then just existing option must be present in both example's lines.
- If both example's lines are equal just one must be leaved.
```

Optional fix: broken nesting: nesting can be reduced.
